you
I got right but we have that size
okay I've gone
hi Joe
you're holding the book bathroom
yeah
Oh
okay
so we're gonna wrap up the metals okay
we're gonna wrap
yeah we're wrapping so you guys have to
follow my lead all right yeah you know
what it is FML FML FML sound smells
yeah you know what it is I'm five miles
off the girls out there knows I could
move yep you know what I thought they
are legit yeah that's going guys nothing
scientific right now that stuff when I
finish you know anything other metals
other metals other males at the nose so
Chuck this door and we started to get
there over
shine supersoft one slice of the plastic
knife and it's off there's this of them
but they're important to just try to
separate them you can't they react by
losing one electron you know what I'm
talking about son and they're the most
active maritals
so just in case you're wondering that
I'll end up on the left
level mum for sodium step recycling that
off said you got with the up both by
potassium rubidium that says you last
one fancy them they are legit yeah
that's stupid that's not scientific rap
now that's solid rock when I finish you
know everything upper levels after knows
I've gone to explode for you
I'm sorry underneath them I've never
found a room and you say that I'm
unapproachable super reactive and
explosive I want to see your mind we're
not all on we're in nature with other
things those things I'm sure you know
who and what we are combined elements
called the alkali metals yeah
after notice other males are the nervous
first of all if you want to hang with me
or study with me you have to get rid of
those this kind of stuff